hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel i feel really good to come back
with more
simple and yummy recipes for you guys
and for today's video we're going to
make one more french classic
i hope you enjoy this dish and don't
forget to give it a try if you'd like
and now it's time to go straight to our
lovely
process add the carrot pieces and tomato
paste
give the pot some really nice stirs and
continue simmering
until everything is beautifully cooked
serve this gorgeous and mouth-watering
buff bourino
with steamed potatoes that's the
traditional way
but some warm bread slice would be also
a great idea
good luck with this french classic and
have a joyful week everyone
i will see you in my next video bye